fix(docs): Fix unavailable link of kustomize guide (#36)
spinnaker/kustomization-base: README.md

- github.com/spinnaker/kustomization-base/core?ref=v0.1.0
```

> For further details, see [the guide of kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/blob/master/examples/remoteBuild.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details, see the [documentation](https://kubectl.docs.kubernetes.io/references/kustomize/resource/) for the `resources` field.
```

Author: Thank you for the review! Your suggestion would make more sense 👍
